Okay,
guys,
I'm welcome back.
Now,
this is going to be a reasonably short lech and what we're going to do now we have some
code behind our normal spreadsheet weaken.
See if we just have a look at my file Explorer just here.
That the phone we're working on his excel three Sales day set out X L s X,
That is is a normal excel worksheet.
Now,
because we've now recorded a macro which if I can find it,
we can have a look at now we have recorded a macro.
What we need to do this save it is a different file type.
It's still gonna be excel.
But it's no gonna be an X l s m,
which is a macro en abled workbook.
And all that means is there is some code attached to this file.
So what we're gonna do is if we just hit save now we should get in there.
A message on the air message is going to say,
Hey,
the following features cannot be saved in macro free workbooks,
BB projects,
which is where our code lives.
So if you want to continue to save as a macro free workbook that is you will lose all of
your code.
Click?
Yes,
but if you want to save it as a macro enabled workbook,
which we do,
we're going to click.
No.
So we'll click.
No,
we'll get our save hours Dialog box.
This is where I'm currently store in this file,
they can see original file and you can see here we have saved as type X l s x I'm just
gonna hit the little down arrow on going to choose the next option down,
which is Excel Macro,
an abled workbook which is an ex l s m and I'm gonna hit safe.
And now,
if I drag over my file browser,
you can no see that we have two copies that have exactly the same name.
One is the normal x l s X,
which is on Microsoft Excel worksheet on the other One has the same name but as an
extension of X l s m,
which means it is a macro en abled worksheet.
Now what I'm gonna do ISS let me just line them up so you can see it nicely.
What I'm gonna do is close the file now,
So when I'm know going to do is open up the macro enabled file,
the one we've just done.
So when I double click,
you'll see you get this security war warning.
Depending on which version of Excel you got,
you may have a little pop up box in the middle of the screen,
but the security warning says Mac Rose,
have bean disabled,
and that's a normal security set in because some macros and malicious not the ones that
were going to write because there were going to be friendly and happy Macron's.
But some are malicious.
So if you trust the source,
which we do because we've already written this code just hit,
enable content.
And I'm just gonna close the thing about updating Excel.
And there you go.
So now we have our Excel file open.
We can result in F 11 and we're back into our code.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture